In this video, we're going
to set up our round two Caterpillar test
with our different placements.
So once our round one has come up with a winning
headline, and in this case, uh, we're going with
headline number nine here, attentions state side sleepers.
This reset pillow eliminates morning back pain.
We've created the gifs
and the videos for our round two.
And so now we're going to test placements
with this winning headline.
And so I can't change from an image ad to a video ad.
I can't change the type, so I'm not gonna be able to clone
for all of these, but I will be able to copy the ad
to do the first, uh, image one.
And so I can do this one as my 16, my nine
by 16, switch it to my nine by 16 here.
And I already have the names
and everything on a sheet over here.
So this is gonna be vi uh, add number 11 of course,
and it is instead of the 16 by nine, a nine by 16.
And I'm going to go ahead and remove that image
and I'm gonna choose a different image here.
And here's my round two files. And so I want this one.
And then lower back right there. Open boom.
So that's our Save.
There's number 11.
Okay, and save successfully go up here.
There's only 10 showing the 25.
Then you can see here's, uh, number 11.
And so it's in here nine by 16.
And then the gifs, I should also be able to duplicate
and just change out that file size.
So I'm gonna do that again.
And that gives me another one right here.
Uh, it keeps going.
So I can either go to number two
or I can keep, uh, changing, uh, the display there.
But here's my copy one right here.
So I'm gonna go ahead and edit that.
And this is gonna be my 16 by nine
gif because a GIF is still the image.
Okay? So if you run into this type of an error, uh,
not a big deal, we can just cancel this,
we can delete this one.
Go ahead and delete that one.
And then let's try, I'm gonna come in here
and try to duplicate this one
and we'll see if that worked any better.
Okay,
Remove that image. Yep.
Okay, so this one's letting me do it.
And so I, I'm not sure exactly what the issue was there.
Uh, apparently a little bit
finicky sometimes with removing the image and replacing it.
So here now I've got my, uh, number 12.
This is gif 16 by nine. I've got it in there now.
All right, so let's go ahead and save that one.
Add is save successfully. Okay, great.
So that one's in.
Now let's try cloning that one again
and we'll do our nine by 16.
Okay,
So this is the one.
Edit this, try to remove that image. That worked just fine.
And so now we need our
nine by 16.
Name it appropriately.
Okay, save.
Okay. And now, uh, we are going to need
to create new ads for these next ones
because we can't change the type.
And so a posture pillow
and this name here going to need to create a new one
to do a video ad.
Uh, so once you change this
and lock it in, create it, you can't clone
and then change that type.
So I'm gonna do this video ad
and we're going to grab our headline
here and get our description
Right
There.
Okay.
Make sure we don't have any extra characters on
the end of those button text is the learn more brand name.
All right,
Do the same logo file as before.
All right. And then we can save this one. Oops.
Ah, of course video's required.
So we have to actually upload the video file.
How could I forget? Um, so let's go in here
and get my video file.
This is my 16 by nine. Upload that one.
All right, and now we've got that in there and we can save.
Okay. And then since that one is a video type,
uh, this look like it already flipped on.
Okay. Uh, but that's okay.
The campaign, we have the campaign off while
we're making these edits.
And so even though the ad is flipped on,
the campaign is off, let's try cloning this
and see if we can and replace it.
All right, here's my copy edit,
see if I can remove that video file.
That worked. Okay. We have up
to 20 megabyte size on these videos
so they can be quite large.
Okay, nice. And there's my nine by 16.
Let's make sure that I get my name of my ad updated
properly to number 15.
Okay, good. Save that.
Okay, and now we've got our six placements, so our
original 16 by nine image with that headline.
Then I'm going to extend this to 25
so we can see the others.
Number 10 is one of our static images from the last test.
Uh, we turned off.
And then I wanna turn on the other five that we've created.
So the nine by 16 image placement for number 11.
The GIF at 16 by nine for 12 at nine
by 16 in a gif for number 13,
for number 14 here,
which is already on the first video in a 16 by nine.
And for number 15, the GF
or the video, excuse me, in a nine by 16.
So these are our six placements.
The headlines and descriptions are the same,
and we are simply testing the placement static images
versus Gs versus videos.
We're gonna see what placement, if it's a 16 by nine
or a nine by 16, converts the best.
And so this is the test.
Once we are ready, you may want to come back out to
the sub campaigns
and if you want to adjust this budget now, uh,
we are gonna run this out
to like a two times a CPA payout on these.
And so these are, uh, $60 payout I believe on this product.
And so each of these, we're gonna run out
to $120
for all six of these placements.
And so if you want to up that budget, we could up
that budget and go to, uh, 500 and go ahead
and save this.
And then of course now we want
to come back out into the basic info
and we can go ahead and flip our campaign back on
and make sure that you save it or that won't take.
Okay. So, uh, for this one, uh, again,
you can calculate out your two times
CPA if you've got a $60, uh,
CPA two times that for each ad is one 20 for each ad,
one 20 times six is $720.
So I'm gonna run this test out
to at least another $720 I will watch.
And the placements that are underperforming,
we will flip those off early
before they hit that two times CPA on
that specific ad, most likely.
So somebody's flagging, um, the
cost per landing page click is too high,
or the landing page click through rate overall is too low.
But mostly I'm gonna be looking at that landing page, uh,
click cost.
So the cost per click on the landing page clicks.
And that's gonna be my main determining factor
because I want those to be lower.
Of course, conversions, uh, would be the major driver.
And so if if somebody's pulling way ahead in terms
of conversions, then we will skew there.
But cost to get people to click through the landing page
and go to the offer will be the largest metric
that is furthest down the funnel will have the,
the most data, uh, right there to make
that determination on.
So that's what we will mostly be looking on at looking at
as we monitor this round two data and make adjustments.